[google-apps-script-oauth2] Add tsconfig instructions (#58146)
DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped: types/google-apps-script-oauth2/README.md

# Google Apps Script OAuth2

Typescript definitions for the [Google Apps Script OAuth 2](https://github.com/googleworkspace/apps-script-oauth2) library

## Installation

```
npm install --save-dev @types/google-apps-script-oauth2
```

> Then, add it to your `tsconfig.json` under the `"types"` field:

Reviewer: Based on https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#types, it would be included inherently since its a "public" package. So probably can skip this step.

Author: Hi @Blacksmoke16 only reason I'm here is to make VSCode happy, and step turned out to be the required one I needed :)

Reviewer: Is this the only thing you have in that array? As if you do, then you'd have to also include it if everything isn't "public".

Author: No, I also needed to add `@types/google-apps-script`. Could be something related to my app's structure.

Reviewer: Are all the other stuff in it `@types/` stuff? If so pretty sure you could just remove the whole array and it would work. Not a huge deal, i'd maybe add a sentence or so about how it may be optional and provide a link to https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#types for more information.

Author: thanks - yea I tried removing them all but for some reason it was required for me. I've updated with that link

> Then, add it to your `tsconfig.json` under the `"types"` field:

Author: ```suggestion
If needed, add it to your `tsconfig.json` under the `"types"` field:
```

> If needed, add it to your `tsconfig.json` under the `"types"` field:

Author: ```suggestion
If needed, add it to your `tsconfig.json` under the [types](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#types) field: 
```
